README.md, before:

# Agentic Migration Workflow for Optimizely SE (AI) Final Interview

This project leverages an **agentic workflow** to automate 90% migration of vanilla HTML/CSS/JS templates into a modern Next.js App Router project using TypeScript and Tailwind CSS. This workflow uses a multi-agent system to plan, execute, and evaluate each migration step, ensuring high-quality, maintainable code.

## How It Works

1. **Setup**: Place your vanilla template in the project root.
2. **Launch Migration UI**: Start the Streamlit app for an interactive migration experience.
3. **Agentic Migration**: Agents analyze your template, generate a migration plan, execute atomic steps, and evaluate results.
4. **Output**: Migrated Next.js code is generated in the target_migrate directory, with pages and components mapped to Tailwind CSS.

---

## Quick Start

### 1. Install Dependencies

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
npm install
```

#### Setup env variables

Add your OPENAI_API_KEY for the agentic workflow and fill in the rest of the variables
```
cp env.example env
```


### 2. Launch the Streamlit Migration App

```bash
streamlit run streamlit_app.py
```

- Follow the sidebar instructions in the Streamlit UI.
- Provide your source directory (e.g., templatemo_594_nexus_flow_v1).
- The migrated Next.js app will be generated in `target_migrate/<source_dir>`.

---

## Migration Output Example

After migration, you’ll find generated Next.js pages and components in:

```
target_migrate/<source_dir>
```

**Sample Migrated Pages:**

Sample migrations of pages in ```template_pages``` can be found in ```target_migrate``` folder

---

## Project Migration Process

The initial migration focused on the template **templatemo_594_nexus_flow_v1**, converting its HTML/CSS/JS files into a Next.js structure under src. The agentic workflow:

- Analyzed the source directory structure and CSS classes.
- Planned atomic migration steps (HTML → React, CSS → Tailwind).
- Executed and verified each step, generating reusable components and pages.
- Output the migrated code in `target_migrate/templatemo_594_nexus_flow_v1`.

---

## Frontend Setup & Development

Once, the agentic workflow was carried out, the generated project was edited and corrected by a frontend engineer within 4 hours and was moved to ```src``` and ```public``` and can be launched with docker compose.



### Run the Development Server

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

### Edit Pages

Start editing by modifying page.tsx. Changes auto-update.

---

## Deployment

### Deploy on Vercel

Deploy easily using [Vercel](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme).

---

## Docker Usage

### Build Image

```bash
docker build -t optimizely-fe-agent:latest --target runner .
```

### Run Container

```bash
docker run -d \
  --name optimizely-fe-agent-runner \
  -p 3000:3000 \
  -e NODE_ENV=production \
  -e PORT=3000 \
  -e HOSTNAME=0.0.0.0 \
  optimizely-fe-agent:latest
```

- Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)
- Stop & remove:

```bash
docker stop optimizely-fe-agent-runner && docker rm optimizely-fe-agent-runner
```

### Docker Compose

```bash
docker compose up --build -d
```

- View logs: `docker compose logs -f`
- Stop: `docker compose down`

---

## Frontend Engineer Review of the First Version of Generated Template

- **CSS Migration**: Many legacy CSS classes lacked direct Tailwind equivalents, requiring manual mapping—especially for dynamic styles, animations, and pseudo-elements.
- **JS Migration**: JavaScript migration was smoother; most functions mapped well to React with minimal manual intervention.
- **HTML Migration**: Straightforward, as HTML works natively in Next.js. The agent helped convert raw HTML into reusable components, improving code splitting and optimization.
- **Manual Intervention**: Small, specific changes (1-2 lines) often needed manual fixes. The agent handled bulk migration well but sometimes missed fine-grained consistency.
- **Overall**: The agentic workflow enabled rapid migration of the entire template, automating most tasks and producing maintainable Next.js code. Quality was close to manual standards, with minor gaps in consistency.

Commit message:

added templatemo migrated page link

README.md, after:

# Agentic Migration Workflow for Optimizely SE (AI) Final Interview

This project leverages an **agentic workflow** to automate 90% migration of vanilla HTML/CSS/JS templates into a modern Next.js App Router project using TypeScript and Tailwind CSS. This workflow uses a multi-agent system to plan, execute, and evaluate each migration step, ensuring high-quality, maintainable code.

## How It Works

1. **Setup**: Place your vanilla template in the project root.
2. **Launch Migration UI**: Start the Streamlit app for an interactive migration experience.
3. **Agentic Migration**: Agents analyze your template, generate a migration plan, execute atomic steps, and evaluate results.
4. **Output**: Migrated Next.js code is generated in the target_migrate directory, with pages and components mapped to Tailwind CSS.

---

## Quick Start

### 1. Install Dependencies

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
npm install
```

#### Setup env variables

Add your OPENAI_API_KEY for the agentic workflow and fill in the rest of the variables
```
cp env.example env
```


### 2. Launch the Streamlit Migration App

```bash
streamlit run streamlit_app.py
```

- Follow the sidebar instructions in the Streamlit UI.
- Provide your source directory (e.g., templatemo_594_nexus_flow_v1).
- The migrated Next.js app will be generated in `target_migrate/<source_dir>`.

---

## Migration Output Example

After migration, you’ll find generated Next.js pages and components in:

```
target_migrate/<source_dir>
```

**Sample Migrated Pages:**

Sample migrations of pages in ```template_pages``` can be found in ```target_migrate``` folder

---

## Project Migration Process

The page that was migrated was [templatemo_594_nexus_flow](https://templatemo.com/tm-594-nexus-flow)

The initial migration focused on the template **templatemo_594_nexus_flow_v1**, converting its HTML/CSS/JS files into a Next.js structure under src. The agentic workflow:

- Analyzed the source directory structure and CSS classes.
- Planned atomic migration steps (HTML → React, CSS → Tailwind).
- Executed and verified each step, generating reusable components and pages.
- Output the migrated code in `target_migrate/templatemo_594_nexus_flow_v1`.

---

## Frontend Setup & Development

Once, the agentic workflow was carried out, the generated project was edited and corrected by a frontend engineer within 4 hours and was moved to ```src``` and ```public``` and can be launched with npm/docker/docker compose.



### Run the Development Server

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

### Edit Pages

Start editing by modifying page.tsx. Changes auto-update.

---

## Deployment

### Deploy on Vercel

Deploy easily using [Vercel](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme).

---

## Docker Usage

### Build Image

```bash
docker build -t optimizely-fe-agent:latest --target runner .
```

### Run Container

```bash
docker run -d \
  --name optimizely-fe-agent-runner \
  -p 3000:3000 \
  -e NODE_ENV=production \
  -e PORT=3000 \
  -e HOSTNAME=0.0.0.0 \
  optimizely-fe-agent:latest
```

- Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)
- Stop & remove:

```bash
docker stop optimizely-fe-agent-runner && docker rm optimizely-fe-agent-runner
```

### Docker Compose

```bash
docker compose up --build -d
```

- View logs: `docker compose logs -f`
- Stop: `docker compose down`

---

## Frontend Engineer Review of the First Version of Generated Template

- **CSS Migration**: Many legacy CSS classes lacked direct Tailwind equivalents, requiring manual mapping—especially for dynamic styles, animations, and pseudo-elements.
- **JS Migration**: JavaScript migration was smoother; most functions mapped well to React with minimal manual intervention.
- **HTML Migration**: Straightforward, as HTML works natively in Next.js. The agent helped convert raw HTML into reusable components, improving code splitting and optimization.
- **Manual Intervention**: Small, specific changes (1-2 lines) often needed manual fixes. The agent handled bulk migration well but sometimes missed fine-grained consistency.
- **Overall**: The agentic workflow enabled rapid migration of the entire template, automating most tasks and producing maintainable Next.js code. Quality was close to manual standards, with minor gaps in consistency.
